[Doc] [refactor] Improve Taichi kernels and functions definition (#1576)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/type.rst

Type system
===========

> Taichi supports many kind of data types, the type name is recognized as

Reviewer: 'many' is not compatible with 'kind' here.
```suggestion
Taichi supports many data types. The type name is recognized as
```

a *prefix character* + a *digital number*.

The *prefix character* can be one of:

- ``i`` for signed integers, e.g. 233, -666
- ``u`` for unsigned integers, e.g. 233, 666
- ``f`` for floating point numbers, e.g. 2.33, 1e-4

The *digital number* can be one of:

- ``8``
- ``16``
- ``32``
- ``64``

> It represents how much **bits** is used in storing the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It represents how many **bits** are used in storing the data.
```

> The larger the bit number, the higher precision is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The larger the bit number, the higher the precision is.
```

    (OK: supported, EXT: require extension, N/A: not available)

.. note::

    Boolean types are represented using ``ti.i32``.

Type promotion
--------------

> Binary operations on different types will give you a promoted type, following the C programming language, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Binary operations on different types will give you a promoted type, following the C programming language convention, e.g.:
```

- ``i32 + f32 = f32`` (integer + float = float)
- ``i32 + i64 = i64`` (less-bits + more-bits = lamore-bits)

> Basically it will try to choose the least precise type to contain the result value.

Reviewer: Umm... I'm not following here. Do you mean 'most'?

Type casts
----------

Implicit casts
****************

WARNING: The type of a variable is **determinated on it's initialization**.

When a *wide* variable is assigned with a *narrow* type, it will be
implicitly promoted to the *wide* type and no warning will be raised:

.. code-block:: python

    a = 1.7
    a = 1
    print(a)  # 1.0

When a *narrow* variable is assigned with a *wide* type, it will be
implicitly casted into the *narrow* type and Taichi will raise a warning:

.. code-block:: python

    a = 1
    a = 1.7
    print(a)  # 1

Explicit casts
**************

You may use ``ti.cast`` to explicitly cast scalar values between different types:

.. code-block:: python

    a = 1.7
    b = ti.cast(a, ti.i32)  # 1
    c = ti.cast(b, ti.f32)  # 1.0

Equivalently, use ``int()`` and ``float()`` to convert values to default float-point/integer types:

.. code-block:: python

    a = 1.7
    b = int(a)    # 1
    c = float(a)  # 1.0

Casting vector / matrix elements
********************************

> Type cast applied to vectors / matrices are element-wise:

Reviewer: I think the slash here doesn't need the spaces before and after. But please don't quote me here until we get opinions from a native speaker.
```suggestion
Type casts applied to vectors/matrices are element-wise:
```

.. code-block:: python

    u = ti.Vector([2.3, 4.7])

>     v = int(u)  # ti.Vector([2, 4])

Author: ```suggestion
    v = int(u)  # ti.Vector([2, 4])
    # equivalent to:
    v = ti.cast(u, ti.i32)  # ti.Vector([2, 4])
```
